WebSocket() allows HTTP/HTTPS/relative URL (#35588)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/websocket/websocket/index.md

### Parameters

- `url`

  - : The URL of the target WebSocket server to connect to.

>     The URL must use one of the following schemes: `ws`, `wss`, `http`, and `https`, and cannot include an [URL fragment](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/Identifying_resources_on_the_Web#fragment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The URL must use one of the following schemes: `ws`, `wss`, `http`, or `https`, and cannot include a [URL fragment](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/Identifying_resources_on_the_Web#fragment).
```
Dunno if we have project style on “an URL” vs “a URL”

Author: @sideshowbarker It's an initialization according to [merriam-Webster](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/URL) which is our default guide. So you're right, which annoys me because I pronounce it earl.
